Added tigmint steps to makefile (#70)
bcgsc/tigmint: README.md

- When aligning long reads with Minimap2, use the `-y` option to include the barcode in the BX tag of the alignments.
- When using long reads, the minimum spanning molecule thresholds (`span`) should be no greater than 1/4 of the sequence coverage. Setting the parameter `span=auto` allows the appropriate parameter value to be selected automatically (this setting requires the parameter `G` as well).
- When using long reads, the edit distance threshold (`nm`) is automatically set to the cut length (`cut`) to compensate for the higher error rate and length. This parameter should be kept relatively high to include as many alignments as possible.

> - Each Tigmint (and Tigmint-long) step can be run seperately through specifying the target on the makefile. For example index the linked reads using `tigmint-make tigmint-index`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each Tigmint (and Tigmint-long) step can be run separately through specifying the target using `tigmint-make`. For example, the bwa index step for Tigmint with linked reads can be launched with  `tigmint-make tigmint-index`
```
